Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
My name is Wei Jinbei
Since I started my first business at 22
I've been following startup trends closely
I've done shared bike apps
grocery delivery apps
dating apps
and various e-commerce businesses
Those who claim that I have too many interests
don't really know me
Son. pick one
I'm actually very loyal
I'm loyal to money
Awesome
My latest failure happened 15 days ago
when I lost 890000 yuan. last of my savings
I've been suffered from insomnia since then
I couldn't fall asleep. not even a second
Someone suggested I go see a shrink
All my other patients
fell asleep here
I can't sleep. that's why I'm here
My doctor has stopped my medication
Too many pills is no good
Look at that painting
It looks so sad
Your horse is dying
I suggest
you take a break from work
I haven't worked for 15 days
I think
you should go somewhere
where you can enjoy a simple life
Stay for a while
with your friends
Where?
Hunan
Hainan
Yunnan
You just go
where your friends are
I don't have friends
And I have nowhere to go
Okay then
Let me give you a cupping
I'm standing on the rooftop of a 38-floor building
100 meters above ground
With an acceleration of 9.8 m/s/s
in about 4.472 seconds
I will bid farewell to the world
Five
Four
Three
Two
One
Please sign for your package
My name is Peng Xiubing
I was born in Jingmai Mountain. Yunnan Province
Since childhood. Dad's been telling me to see the outside world
What's so good about outside?
You should know it
What does it have?
Everything. You should take a good look at everything
Dad
I wouldn't come back if I can't make it in Beijing
Don't come back if you can make it there
Or I'll beat you up
After I left home
I found the ideal job to immerse myself in city life
10 Years Later. Beijing
deliveryman
This month's Star of Deliveryman is still
the peerless
Peng Xiubing!
I have delivered more than 500000 packages
and won the Star for more than 100 times
What's our motto?
Beating Peng Xiubing
Becoming No.1!
More importantly. I've saved up 190000 yuan
This morning
I finally told my boss:
I'm quitting
Xiubing
What are you talking about?
You got your salary yesterday
No need to pay me for today
I'm going back home tomorrow to start my own delivery
You ever heard of the saying
even pigs stand a chance to fly
when there is favorable wind blowing?
Why did you put your photo up here?
Not bad. huh?
My last package in Beijing
Nothing can stop the perfect ending
Wei Jinbei.
why is your office emptied out?
I was looking for you everywhere. heard you're on the rooftop
Come down and pick up your package
Here
Keep it
I can keep it. but you need to sign for it
It's my last package
Sign for it. for my sake
Last one?
Yes
- Are you fired? - Of course not!
I fired my boss. I'm starting my own delivery business
Anyone can start a business these days
I used to believe
as long as I'm making a difference of the world
even if I fail eventually
it's my business that fails. not me
I was wrong
I am the failure
Well said
I'm writing in down
It's the business that failed
not
the person
You think it's well said?
Of course!
I never lie to my friend
I'm just a client
Not really your friend
We've known each other for so long
I've always treated you as a friend
I'm leaving. you?
I'm leaving as well
Where to?
Hunan
Hainan. Yunnan
Wherever
Yunnan?
I'm going back to Yunnan! Come with me!
With you?
You're my friend. let's go together
In your case. a good crying will help a lot
A client of mine told me
Don't focus on whether you can succeed or not
Focus on your destination
despite the hardships on the road
Only fools believe this
There's nothing at the destination. it's just far away
Another client told me
One cannot be defeated
if you can rise up again
When you are defeated more than enough times
you'll know it's easiest to lie down
Many of my clients have returned to their hometowns
They are doing pretty well
They look happy on social media
There's no traffic jam. no car crash
No cold-shoulder or sneers in the countryside
I've never given up my hopes
Sing with me
Forgive my passion for freedom
Even someday I may fall hard...
Rise
Old Li. get down here!
Let young people do it!
I can't trust others with the ancestor worship ceremony
I have to do it myself
If I piss off a person
I can apologize
But pissing off the ancestors. that I can't afford
Rest assured. my legs are still strong
Don't jinx it
Be quiet
Hurry up. it's the tea god ceremony!
That's the head of our village
The fireworks rose higher than we could get it to
Stop there!
Why don't you stay in the city like others?
Beating up your son can't solve any problem
Stop chasing him around
Let him explain himself first
You used to beat up your son like he was a thief
Now you ask me to stop?
None of your business
Let's not change the subject
And dare you mention my dead son again!
Shaoqun is dead?
For many years
Don't interrupt adults
Come
Just talk to me
I'll reason it out
What's the reason
you decided to come back?
I came back to start my own business
I want to open a package delivery shop
here in the village
Go on
Stop yelling! I haven't even touched you
It wasn't me
Don't move
The best cure to insect sting
is to have a cow lick it
If you move around and startle it
it may lick the wrong place
I feel so dirty
So dirty
Eat. and you'll recover fast
Villagers. may I say a few words
The fireworks at the ceremony
had a small accident
But as long as our prayer was sincere
our ancestor would hear it
We will have a big tea harvest this year!
So what?
We'll still have a hard time selling it
Isn't our tea of great quality?
Nowadays
only aged Pu'er tea cakes can sell
New leaves are valueless
We have to crush them
and sell the bagged tea to factories
Praying to the ancestors is useless
The tea factories owners are our god
Who said that!
He heard that?
It's a great day today
so I will keep my cool
Who was talking just now
Stand up!
I make less than 500 yuan
on average every month
Whoever wants to keep growing tea. go ahead
Just saying. even construction workers make 80 yuan a day in cities
Fuck off!
Number of Young People Leaving the Village:
What don't you sell your tea online?
How would you know the taste
by looking at photos?
Villagers. eat!
Eat!
It tastes good indeed
Nevertheless. the competition is fierce
the core customers are elders
who don't do much online shopping
and the tea lacks branding
No wonder it doesn't sell
I'm blabbing about work again
The closest delivery shop to Huanglu Village
is 20km away
For this reason. almost nobody here does online shopping
When I was a delivery guy in the city
we fought for every potential customer
You know why?
In delivery business
your customer base is the goldmine
If I can start a delivery business here
use our village as a portal
to cover the last-mile service in neighboring villages
One day. the number of rural population in China
will be the number of my customers
I'm not coming back to this shithole!
Number of Young People Leaving the Village:
Except for these guys
Doesn't it look like honey?
All you need is a straw to suck it out
No it doesn't
It looks like shit
You put a straw in it
you are stirring the shit pot
You have to understand
The reason why there's no delivery here
is that no one shops online
It's not the other way round
Don't confuse cause and effect
I took a good look at the villagers during the banquet
Asides from the few young people who just left
there are only old people and children
That being said
those who stay in the village
are not your customers
The ones who left are
That's why I'm giving you my thoughts
You are in e-commerce and I'm a delivery guy
We are a perfect match
Enough
I don't need another failure
That's why you are in urgent need of success
I don't need success
I need to stay away from failure
I'm leaving
Is that a deal?
Get lost!
Go
Easy. easy
If it wasn't because my shrink's advise
I would have done anything to go back
Your eye is recovered?
The licking works
Have some tea
Today is the 23rd day of my insomnia
The second day I'm in Huanglu Village
I'll probably never be able to fall asleep again
Today is the first day of my startup
I've figured it all out in Beijing
I'm only three steps from success
The first step: merge and acquisition
DO NOT MENTION LI SHAOQUN
Before Shaoqun died
what heinous crime did he commit?
How much?
Two yuan
I'm talking about your shop
Step two. recruiting
Xiubing Delivery
fast and accessible
secure and reliable
deliver to your home with one click!
Xiubing delivers everywhere
Xiubing brings convenience to us all!
Great!
This guy
used to be a postman
Where there was human. there was me
This guy used to be a barber
Where there was human head. there was me
Yay
This guy... is really something
I used to be a feces collector
Where there was human feces...
now I'm saying it
it sounds
inappropriate...
They've spent their lives running around this town
They know every road by heart
Having them as our delivery men
will greatly increase our efficiency
What do you think?
What have I got to do with it?
You're my business partner
this is our opening day. you need to say something...
Since when I became your partner...
A round of applause!
These men have a combined age of more than 1000 years old
Having them deliver packages
I'm worried that before they can send off the packages
the packages would send them off the world
You brat
look at your leg. you think you're better than us?
Uncle. for my sake
Enough of talking. just show him what you've got
Iron fist
Assemble!
How was it?
If there's no online shopping
there's no package to deliver
It's useless to hire delivery men
That I already have the solution
Online shopping 101
Step 1. register an online banking account
Step 2. download a payment app
Stop
It's too complicated
I spent three days working on it
This is the easiest tutorial
I can solve your problem with one simple trick
That's not possible
- Do you want to buy stuff online? - Yes
Give me your money. I'll do it for you
If you want something
why do you care how you get it?
Anyone going to the farmer's market?
Seems like your biggest competitor
is that market
Let's go meet the competitor
Step three. expand the market share
If not seeing it myself
I wouldn't believe that
people still do shopping in this primitive way
But they are all our potential customers
What do you want? Give me the money. I'll buy it for you
No need. What a wacko
Don't get distracted
you're not here to sell goods
you're selling the concept of online shopping
I get it
Villagers listen up
everything here you can buy online
They are cheap and of good quality
If you don't know how to do online shopping
just give me the money
I'll place orders for you
Hello. come on in. what can I get for you?
How much is it to rent your TV?
Don't miss out
Come take a look!
You name it. we have it!
Lowest price in the market!
Best deal. best goods!
Come take a look!
Auntie. come take a look
We have everything
Got rice cooker?
Yes. 168 yuan
Yes! 168 yuan!
Mine is 167!
It's on sales on Juhuasuan. buy one get one free
168 for two!
You're messing up with me!
Got slippers?
Yes
Yes!
Any fortune tellers?
Fortune telling first. pay later!
You have helicopters?
- Yes - We have it! Do you want it?
It's okay. I was joking
Let me know what you need
Any cheap TVs?
Any big TVs?
I need to use the bathroom
Hurry up
Excuse me
- What kind of TV do you want? - The same as yours
Biggers one will do. too
The bigger the cheaper. the better
Do you have
Yes. we have the same model
Only 799. you want it?
I want two rice cookers
Give me your address
- you'll get them in three days - Three days?
Con-man!
He's a con-man!
You are a con-man!
No
I'm just helping you guys place orders online
Catch him. he's a con-man!
Con-man!
Catch him. don't let him run off!
Catch him!
I'm not smart
I don't know how to talk about big ideas
but I know what's the right thing to do
Your method definitely works
It worked last time
People who wanted to beat us got overcrowded
They couldn't even reach us
I'm going again tomorrow
You should just give up on the delivery business
The whole idea is wrong
so every step followed is a misstep
The more you persist
the more mistakes you make
I've done one thing right
What is it?
I brought you back
Since I decided to open the shop
It's the best decision I've made
You have my word
If my shop becomes successful
You'll have a share as my business partner
I didn't agree to become a partner
Then you be the boss. I'll be the manager
That's not what I meant
I could be your consultant
I promise
- I'll make you a partner as soon as... - I said I don't want to be a partner
Excuse me
I heard you have a lot of cheap goods?
Yes
You pay first and we deliver later
Deliver to your home with one click
Pay first? With one click?
That's right
Why should I believe you?
Then
You can get your package first and pay later...
Really?
Are you sure?
Come here
Hurry up! Hurry up!
Hurry up!
Hurry up! Here! Hurry up!
Here! Hurry up! Hurry!
One auntie can bring four aunties
A good-looking auntie. can bring three uncles
There are the customers from one farmers' market
Although that will probably piss off three aunties
One couple can bring at least two kids
Two kids can bring two couples...
If I go to more markets. get beaten up more
I can attract more customers
I think my body can withstand seven or eight more beatings
We make 1.5 yuan per package
There are 12 villages in the area
Assuming each village has 100 aunties
and 50 kids who do online shopping
Then the delivery fee in total would be...
Wait. wait. wait. wait
Consultant. what's our chance of success?
I need to think about it
Not zero anymore I'm sure
Thermal cup. 40
TV or instant noodles
just let me know what you want
Fridges? No problem!
What's our motto?
Deliver to your home with one click!
Let's go!
Next
What are you doing here?
Don't get me wrong
Just wanted to check out where you bought your goods
Leave. we are not selling to you
Wait. our door is open to all customers
You're welcomed here
This is awesome
- Hello? - You need to turn on your phone first
Smaller than my size!
I can't wear this
It doesn't fit?
That's right
I'll return it for you
If you bought the wrong size. we can return it for you
Order as you wish
we guarantee an unconditional return
Peng Xiubing
How come the shipping address says "back mountain"?
Who's package is this?
Li Shaoqun
He's dead?
For many years.
It's a ghost!
Isn't he dead?
I'm a patient
Please don't scare me
Let's go
Where to?
To your home with one click!
Even if he's dead
we should deliver it to his grave
What?
That's Yang Tao
Didn't you see him?
Yang Tao
I heard
This is where Li Shaoqun lost his life
Here me out
delivering to his grave or burning it
he will receive it anyways
Yeah
It's a COD package!
Go without me
I wouldn't understand the ghost's dialect
We go together
Did you see it?
No
Anyone home?
You've got a package
Peng Xiubing
Why do people say you're dead?
Five years ago I chopped down tea trees to grow coffee
Since then I'm dead to my father
You chopped down tea trees to grow this?
And you?
Couldn't make it in Beijing. forced to come back?
I'm not like you
I was doing pretty well in Beijing
I came back to start my business and make big bucks
All you talk about is money
I left Beijing
just to stay away from people like you
I didn't expect to see two today
Two?
I'm not like him
Please
Coffee at this hour?
Dump it if you don't drink it.
- Whatever - Wait
This coffee is really good
The pre-fermentation adds flavor complexity
You are a coffee person?
I spent three years
trying many different ways of fermentation
and finally produced this flavor
On first taste you get flavors of tropical fruits
Tangerine. plum. orange peel
apricot and wild ginger flowers
their sweetness and sourness are brought out perfectly
mixed with strong aroma of dark cocoa
The coffee tastes smooth. and its flavors are layered well
Doesn't it taste like forests and mountains?
Yes
It finishes with a touch of nuts
vanilla and caramel
The aftertaste lingers on your tongue
I've never met a coffee connoisseur like you
since I came back to the village
Li Shaoqun
Wei Jinbei
He's MY friend
I didn't say anything when you stole Wang Saifen from me
You're stealing my man too?
Who is Wang Saifen?
- My girlfriend - My girlfriend
- Mine - Whose girlfriend is she?
- That's not important - It's very important!
Whatever. I'm not going to charge you for the package
I just opened a delivery shop. please come visit
Put it down
I don't need delivery. I already have a car
Running a delivery service here...You're not going to have any success
Beat it
Come back soon. Jinbei
No problem
He's still as mean as ten years ago
No wonder people wish he was dead
He owns a car and so what?
I swear I'm going to make him use my service
Dear villagers
We are raising fund for construction projects
With the money
we will build wide cement roads
We will install a running water system
Making our village better is everyone's duty
Please make a small contribution
Help us raise a big fund
We don't have much to spare
Either keep the fridge. or the piglet
- You choose - The fridge works well
Where are you going?
You can't sell my piglet
I think I'll need to get a job
Dad where can you find a job
at your age?
Who would hire you?
Xiubing probably will
I'll ask my son to send back some money
His life is much harder than ours
Who are you showing all this makeup to
Return everything!
Here. we bought you a new one.
Give it a try.
Not used to it. don't like it. it's not comfy
Try it. we already spent the money
We had a low yield this year. Don't waste money!
We can return it
Why there's no water?
Is it broken?
Broken?
New bike?
Yes. new motorbike
The seat is a little too high. I'm going to return it
The hair dryer is burnt out. what should I do?
Xiubing can return it
Ask Xiubing to return it
If you don't like it. you can return it
- What items can I return? - Anything you bought
I don't care
- I bought it from you - Yes you can return it
but we need to talk to the sellers first
Not everything is refundable
My wife bought the wrong dye
Her hair is green now. she can't stop complaining
I wanted chocolate
Not chocolate mush
I need money for fertilizers
There's no use keeping this!
I spent so much on the shoes
They came in with two left foot
The cookies came in crushed
I want refund!
Everyone is returning. so I'm doing it too
You picked your own purchase
We simply placed orders for you
We didn't make any money from it
Okay. okay!
Peng Xiubing
This is not how you do business
If you agree to return everything. There's no way we can afford the refund
You need to listen to me this time
It already took longer for packages to deliver get here
They've probably missed the return window by now
It's our village's business
You outsider stay out of it
Xiubing
We've known you since you were little
Everyone here
We all trust you
That's why we choose to buy from your shop
Tea sales hasn't been good recently
Didn't you say
we can ask for return?
Okay
I'll return everything!
I understand
But there are dozens of villages here
tens of thousands of people
They are all your future customers
Is it possible if...
Well
The deadline has passed
You can't return any of these
Is it true you can fly when there's favorable wind?
I don't know
All I know when the wind stops
I am the first one to fall
You know
I lived in a basement when I was in Beijing
I spent no more than 20 yuan on meals every day
I made 1 yuan per package
When others could deliver 150 packages
I did 180
or even 200
There are liftless buildings no one wanted to deliver to
I'd do it
just to make an extra 1 yuan
In the past ten years
the packages I've sent are probably
as tall as a mountain
Now the mountain has collapsed
Wake up
You can return none of these
Don't think about it
Peng Xiubing
I was talking to you
I thought it was the pig
I felt like talking to a pig
Zero
Are you asleep?
Yes
Is this insomnia?
You know how much you lost this time?
193895.6 yuan
I don't get it
Why did you agree to return everything?
In my village
some things are more important than money
As long as we act with honesty
we can keep doing business here
This was first time they did online shopping
They will get used to it with time
The money you make per package is nothing
You won't be able to make the loss back in ten years
You failed hard this time
Says who?
I just haven't succeeded yet
It doesn't mean I have failed
It's not like I'll starve
Plus
all the paper boxes
we can sell them for a few dozen yuan
Then I'll have the money for food
Then I'll have the energy to work
Then I can keep delivering packages
Then I'll make money again
I probably will live to at least 80 years old
There are several decades ahead. why should I worry?
I don't have much saving
Tomorrow I'll make a few calls
See if I borrow some money for you
I thought I'm your only friend. Who will you borrow money from?
Sorry. that's not what I meant
You're right
You're my only friend
Otherwise why would I stay here
in this god-forsaken village
I'm not good at consoling people...
I remember one rainy day
you delivered my package
You were soaked through
but my package was dry
Peng Xiubing. you son of a gun
I've been thinking all night
Sending packages out is also part of delivery service
Since there aren't many shopping online
We need to find a way
to sell what we have here to the outside
- What should we sell? - You deliver everything with one click?
Yes
Can you deliver my mom here?
Where is she?
Guangzhou. She didn't come back for Chinese New Year
Yang Tao. this is a gift from your mom
Will your shop be here forever?
It will
Peng Xiubing
I know you took down my tyres!
I swear I'll tear down your shop!
Suit yourself
I'm going out of business anyways
What happened. idiot
How about is mine?
Are you going to drink it?
I may not. but you have to make it
I have a few dozen packages to send
If you have no other things to do
send them for me
I don't need your pity
My bad for taking down your tyres
I'll put them back on
Whatever
Shaoqun
The packages you are sending are all coffee
Are you selling it?
My coffee is not for sale
How many coffee trees do you have?
More than 700. Less than 0.32 acre
What's the yield?
According to my standard
one tree produces 3-5 kg of beans
After procession 1/8 of them are kept
Let's say one tree produces 0.5kg of processed beans
700 trees can produce
350kg of beans
Let me help you sell your coffee
I'll help you sell it
Are you kidding me
This coffee is far from ready to go into the market
Plus. every acre of land here is covered with Pu'er tree
Where can I grow coffee?
We'll find land for you
You take charge of farming. I'll do sales and marketing
I'm sure we can make money together
Excuse me. now you want to help him?
You aren't remotely interested in my delivery shop!
Are you stupid or dumb?
If Shaoqun sells his coffee
who do you think will deliver
all the packages?
Me.
It's me.
Sell it! Don't be stupid
What's wrong with making money?
I'll give you a 20% discount on the delivery fee
Enough
I've told you. I grow coffee trees because I like coffee
There's no way I'm selling it
You like coffee?
You could have grown one tree just for fun
Instead you grew 700 trees
Isn't that a waste of resources?
You are meaner than my dad
Hey. you said you like coffee
I wasn't trying to take advantage of you
Get out
Wow. I'm so scared
One day I'll make you sell your coffee. You have my word
Let's go. he doesn't want us here
He doesn't want you here. not me
I'm not done with my coffee yet
He stole your heart with a cup of coffee
I'm walking back on my own
You sure you're not selling?
I'm sure
You even took his beans back. It wasn't enough coffee for you?
It tastes great
You claimed to be my friend
Now you want to defect
Go drink it at your place. Don't do it here
When you go to the town today. send these
I was kidding. You're really sending the beans back home?
Wait. you have a home in America?
And one in Italy?
Hear me out
From tomorrow you treat Shaoqun nicely
Go check in with him every day
Even if he threatens to kick you out
Just stay there
I'm not going. Not losing my dignity.
You want to keep the delivery shop right?
Yes. most definitely
Then let's find a way
to use Shaoqun's coffee
to support your business
意大利 佛羅倫斯
Hello?
Yes. I'm Li Shaoqun
I'm Li Shaoqun
Ok
Yang Tao. be quiet
Yes. I'm Li Shaoqun
I'm Li Shaoqun
Hello?
No signal?
Can you hear me? I'm Li Shaoqun
I'm Li Shaoqun
Mr. Li. Li Shaoqun
Li Shaoqun
How come you're all Li Shaoqun?
I sent your beans to a world raw beans competition
on your behalf
Who gave you the permission?
Let's talk about it later
The results come out today
Do you want to know?
I got signal
Okay
Thank you
How was it?
They received several thousand samples this year
all top quality beans in the world
Your coffee won second place
You said you don't think much of your coffee
now it's internationally recognized
What was the prize?
Silver medal. in the coffee olympics
Olympics silver medal
We won gold in the Olympics!
Why does our tea price keep dropping?
It is not as good as other villages'?
They offered us this price
for our top quality
The supplier lowered the price again
We can't undersell
It's a disgrace
They are good years and bad years
For a thousand years
It's been like this
We won gold in the Olympics!
When I was a kid I used to hide here
when my father wanted to beat me
They say as you grow older
trees will look smaller
How come this one still looks so tall?
Come up here
You never see a sky like this in Beijing
I wish I could be a kid again
I left home at 16
after a big fight with my father
I left this village
I swore that once I left. I'd never come back
But you're back. aren't you?
I've learnt in the past ten years
the city is not my home
I came back
Turns out the village doesn't feel like home either
My dad used to fight with me a lot
Now he doesn't even bother
At least fighting is a way of communication
My dad forced me to learn tea making when I was young
Only he got to decide what taste was good
I knew in my life. I would never be good enough
Coffee
is probably my way of defiance
What I didn't expect. is that coffee chose here
Everything comes full circle
Call it fate
It was our fate to be born here
We can't change it
But that doesn't mean we can't change this place
You talked about "in your life"
but a lifetime is long enough to do anything
We were quite alike
So eager to go beyond the mountain
that we forgot what's like here
Alright
I've decided to spend the night here
You?
He has problem falling asleep
Not able to sleep?
Ever since I decided to start my own business
I have never had a good night's sleep
I was busy researching future trends and the next hot thing
Worried that I'd miss out on new opportunities
But the more you care. the less control you have
I blamed bad luck for my failures
Later I realized
it was me that had failed
Because of my insomnia. I started taking diazepam
One pill per day at the beginning
Later even four pills couldn't put me to sleep
I looked it up online
Someone suggested I take ten pills
Since the medicine lost effect on me
I had to stay away from windows
Whenever I stood near
I felt a strong urge to jump
He's asleep
What's the matter with you two?
You fell asleep!
I fell asleep?
I did!
I worked in the tallest office building in Beijing
for two years
But I've never looked this far
Consultant
What's our chance of success now?
I don't want to be a consultant anymore
You love coffee
You love delivery
And I want to be in e-commerce
Let's become business partners
Let's do it
Three clients from Beijing once told me
Never start a business with your best friends
Sounds so old-fashioned. What do they do?
They teach English
No wonder
Three factors that determine agricultural commercialization
Product. logistics. and sales
They fall precisely inside our areas of expertise
A successful business demands right timing. right location and right people
We have the right timing and people
all we need is more land for production
The current yield of you trees...
it doesn't worth the effort to build a business around it
It's too small
We should apply for poverty-relief loans
Increase our production
Use our current plantation as a base
and gradually expand to nearby areas
It sounds complicated. isn't it?
I've done the calculation
There are more than 1000 people in our village
The conservative estimation of arable land per person
let's say is 0.22 acres
With your reputation
and the great prospect of Pu'er coffee
as long as we can convince
half of the villagers to grow coffee
we will achieve mass production
Of all the 1000 potential coffee farmers
you have to convince one person first
in order to win the others over
Who?
Your dad has that kind of power?
The villagers all listen to him
especially the elders
But you're his son
Precisely
I'll go talk to him
You're not afraid of him?
Your dad beats you too?
Yes
Is it bad?
Last time I woke up in a hospital after the beating
I couldn't remember a thing
He's not young anymore
Is his still in good shape?
Any chronic diseases I should know?
What are you thinking?
Our village can't thrive without your support
I'd like to thank you all!
Isn't the broadcasting room in your home?
Hello?
Fellow villagers. this is Peng Xiubing speaking
Please allow me to say a few words
He took my place!
There used to be 1600 people in our village
Nearly half of them are working somewhere else
In our village. none of the families is complete
I...
like many young people
chose to go work in big cities
thinking that our lives could be changed for the better
And there'd be no need to come back
But city streets are too clean
for us to leave our footprints
On the very day I came back
I made my own footprint on the dirt road
An evidence of my being
There's no place we can call home
except for this one!
In cities
perseverance helps us survive
We need the same spirit here as well!
I know you all have deep feelings for tea
I do. too
But it can no longer sustain our village
Li Shaoqun's coffee just won silver in a world beans competition
If we grow his coffee
we will have higher income
And if the coffee sells well
there will be job opportunities for everyone
So that no one has to find a job elsewhere
No more living in the basement
No more being railed at just to make a few more bucks
Mo more pretending on phone calls with our families that things are great
telling them "don't worry about me"
People like me
they can all come home
They don't need to be in a place where they can't leave their footprints
where they can't be with families and kids
Our mothers and fathers can come home
Our sons and daughters can come home
Our wives and husbands can come home
to where they belong
Coffee not only changes my life
It will change yours. too
You have my promise!
Son of a gun!
Run!
I...
Who gave you the permission to use my broadcast?
Anyone who's interested. come to the coffee plantation for seedlings!
You're destroying our legacy!
Don't worry
I'm not going to get physical. or scold anyone
You are all adults now
you have your own ideas
But has it ever occurred to you
You guys are still young and can afford failures
But them
How about them?
The villagers can't afford it
You can always go back to cities if you fail
But for them they have nowhere to go
I'm being responsible for their lives
Mr. Li
You're Shaoqun's father
Not the villagers' father
You should let them decide
I didn't fire you guys
I'm just pretty strapped recently
I have no money to pay you
We are not asking for our pay
We are here to get coffee seedlings
You can use my land
to grow coffee
But I can't pay you for anything yet
Not until the plants are grown
It doesn't matter
We don't care about coffee
But we trust you
My whole family
we all trust you
We are to learn how to grow coffee trees
I'll teach you
Let's get rid of weeds
Hurry up
Drink tea
It's like you're holding human ashes
not coffee
Why don't you do it?
You want to pick a fight?
Pu'er Coffee-Freshly Roasted Beans
立刻購買　　　　加入購物車
Guess how much our taobao shop
made last month?
What has life done to you?
To put food on the table
I've been through everything
9 point 85!
What are you doing there?
Get out!
Give us a hand
- Come up here - Give us a hand
Come up here
No way
Idiots
My phone
Here it is
Hello?
Yes
No problem
We are the only house here
Okay
See you
Who is it?
Starnest
What is it?
Biggest coffee supplier in the world
Are they buying our beans?
Yes
How much?
Didn't say
Said he will come visit
What are you doing?
I'm talking to the trees
Talking to trees?
They came alive?
I'm thanking them
You really hear them talking?
Close your eyes
Feel it
I hear them
With so many trees
you'll probably going to talk till morning
I know a pretty good therapist in Beijing
You should go see him
You try it
Hello Coffee. this is Pu'er Tea
Do you copy?
Copy. copy
Pu'er this is Coffee. What are you doing?
I have a Mr. Li Shaoqun talking to me
I choose coffee to distance myself from my dad
Oddly enough
I couldn't understand him before I grew coffee
Since I choose coffee
I think I understand him better
I've been waiting for this moment all my life
I always thought
When I could outdo my father
I wouldn't care what he thinks of me
But
now the day has finally become
I'm dying to hear his thoughts
Even a good scolding from him
I don't know
I think I'm drunk
I really want some tea
Actually
I can fulfill your wish
Come here
I'll brew some tea for you. son
Buzz off!
Jump
and you'll know if you can fly
Jump. Be brave
Jump
One Month Later
That horse looks so lost
It doesn't know where to go
You remember
last time you came
you said it was dying
Did I?
It's been a while since your last visit
The other patients
who share your symptoms
are either
dead
or
they are cured
I followed your advice
and went to Yunnan
I thought it was a just trip for relaxing
but it ended up curing my insomnia
So I decided to stay
Later
I even started a coffee business with two friends
Then I ran into a small mishap
I just came back last month
A car from outside
So rude
Could it be the big client you talked about?
Nice to meet you
Wei Jinbei
What did she say?
She said Li Shaoqun is better looking than you
We have pulped natural. washed. and miel
Which one do you want?
I'm good. thank you
Give it a try
Since you here to do your research
You coffee is Arabica
A mixture of Bourbon related-variety
and Tropica-related variety
Your plantation has a size of less than 23 acres
50 thousand trees
Yield last year was 14 tons
You're not here to buy coffee?
Allow me to introduce myself
I'm the head of Marketing Management
of Starnest Asia
Of course I'm here to buy coffee
Not your current beans
but the future ones
What does she mean?
They want to acquire us
That's right
According to my research
Your sales last year was 1.2 million
minus cost. taxes
and your dividends
Your net profit
should be around 280 thousand
Using your growth rate
for the next ten years
I give you 3 million
3 million?
Each of us one million?
Indeed you're a big company
Very accurate research
Sadly your data is a little outdated
Yes. our yield was 14 tons last year
But this year the number will go up to 20 at least
and 30 next year
I believe in the near future
We will be able to produce 100 tons annually
No. no. no. no
20 tons will be your maximum capacity
It won't go higher than that
I will offer you 4 million
You decide
We trust you
The three of us
2 million each. 6 in total
My bottom line
You're not worth it
I'll let you reconsider your price
I still have
20 minutes
That's fine
The decision is
above your paygrade
Kindly reminder
You don't have 20 minutes
We are all busy
Excuse me
Isn't 6 million too high?
I've done the calculation
6 is the max. they can offer
Hello Peter
They want six
Let's roll the dice
Maybe we'll win big
6 million
We sign now
If I was in charge
I wouldn't have offered you that amount
Any questions?
Just curious
If you don't think we are worth the price
Why did you make the offer?
It's simple
In the future
in Yunnan or in China
We don't want to see any plantation that's not ours
I'll send you our beans
You will grow coffee
following our standards
We can't grow our own?
After the acquisition
of course you follow our rules
All good. we can sign the contract now
So you don't think much of our coffee?
Of course she does
That's why she offered us 6 million
That's not true. They're spending 6 million to make us disappear
I'm not signing it
Is that what she wants?
Well. I'll leave you guys to discuss
Li Shaoqun
I raised the price to 6 million
Now you decided not to sell it?
I have no plan of selling
you know it
The whole point of starting a business is to sell it one day
If you're not happy with the offer. I'll talk to her
Don't be so unreasonable
We know better than anyone
Our max. yield annually
is 20 tons
6 million is as much as we can get
Take the money. You can do whatever you want with it
Growing coffee is what I want to do
I'm already doing it
Sorry to interrupt
You know why I don't support the decision
to spend 6 million on your coffee?
It has nothing to do with money
I just find it unnecessary
You know how I feel about this place?
Hopeless
It has no future
Geisha. the best coffee breed in the world
has been grown in Ethiopia for almost a century
In the one hundred years
Starnest has grown into
the most successful coffee supplier in the world
What did coffee bring to Ethiopia?
Nothing
I have every right to believe
you guys are
no threat to us
I just feel bad for you
You are meant to fail
Of course
not everyone is as lucky as you
Your failure is at least paid for
Even if you don't sign the contract
Starnest is still
the most successful coffee supplier in the world
If you sign it
you will become
the most successful farmers in China
Everyone has his place in the world
Isn't it great
if we can achieve success in our respective positions?
You farmers grow the plants
We entrepreneurs sell the products
Let's just stick to what we're supposed to do
It's not the kind of success we want
If the purpose of this acquisition
is to eliminate other coffee beans
please see yourself out
Fine
About today
I'll report everything to the company
Your coffee is okay
but you guys are...horrible
- Sorry - Don't bother
I've made my point very clear
Shaoqun
I'll take 1 million. You can take 3
Just let me succeed one time. can you?
I don't want the money. I want my coffee
Okay
Xiubing
you sign the contract
There are three of us
Two to one
We don't need your approval
Sign the contract
I'm not signing it. either
I promised the villagers to make a change
If we sell our coffee to Starnest
What difference does it make
from selling our tea to the suppliers?
And I
don't think my hometown is hopeless
There's no hope here
If you sign the contract
Starnest can bring it hope
What if it cannot?
What will I tell the villagers?
Am I letting an outsider
decide the fate of my town?
Outsider?
You mean me?
No. I didn't mean it
I'm just saying if we sign the deal
You can leave with the money. but we can't
I thought after three years living here
getting myself all tanned
I'm finally one of you
Turns out I'm still not. am I?
That's not what I meant
Peng Xiubing
Listen. I don't care what you meant
What makes you think
you are able to make a change?
Everything you say was borrowed from a client
Do you have your own thoughts?
Everything you have done since you came home
I told you to do so
Are you experienced?
You really believe that
all your wild thoughts could be considered wisdom?
Do you know what you want to do?
And you...
If you sign the contract
your villagers
will be guaranteed a stable income
They offered to help us without asking anything in return
Have you ever considered them?
You are not idealistic
You're just being selfish
You remind me of how I used to be
I don't want you to become like that
Let me tell you this
A person who's afraid of failing
who can't stay true to himself
is a total loser
He was right
You are an outsider
You came here
because you couldn't make it in Beijing
This is a vacation spot for you
You stayed because you smelled money
Are you willing to stay here forever
treating it like your own home?
Will you?
I used to think I would
But not anymore
I'm wasting my breath
It's over
I know I'm not as smart as you
But you know what
I know clearly what I want
so does Shaoqun
I thought you do too
Xiubing
On the darkest day of my life
After I came out of the therapist's office
Truth be told
I went to the rooftop to end my life
but because the package you delivered
I decided not to jump
I owed you one. You owed my one
We're even
Good bye
I've been back for a month
Every time I close my eyes
I only see
coffee trees in Yunnan
its insects
cows
and stars
Every tree
I remember where it stands
I know every person in the village
If I could stay there forever
I would even believe
two friends are all I need in my life
I want a cup of coffee
I'd never thought that
I would stay in a village where delivery was not available
taking care of coffee trees
for three years
I'm almost 30 now
I've been thinking recently
What have I done
with the 30 years of my life?
This projector
is China's first model
that supports 4K format
It is connected via bluetooth. very portable
Wherever you go...
You are the fifth this month
to pitch me this product
This is our best selling coffee
It's from Yunnan
You are not a coffee person right?
Is Chinese coffee even considered coffee?
How is it?
Still tastes bitter to me
I don't know why people like this taste
Give it a try
This coffee is pretty good
Next time
Bitterness has its own flavor
After I came back to Beijing
I noticed for the first time
how big it is
Too big that if I don't use GPS
I will have no idea where I am
Too big that when I run into familiar faces
I can't remember their names
The village in Yunnan was small
But I never lost my direction
The life you had in the village
wasn't just a dream
It is how you suppose to live
The coffee thing you mention
sadly I don't know much about it
Recently
I've been reading a classic novel from the West
A wise old character's words
may help you
He said
We all face the choice between
what is right
and
what is easy
Did we make the right choice?
If you want to achieve something
you need to believe in it
Did you follow me all the way here?
I'm listening to the trees
Close your eyes
Listen with your heart
Can I bring you home?
I think I know what I should do
Thank you
You're welcome
By the way
What was the novel you mentioned?
I want to take a look
Harry Potter
I was quoting Dumbledore
I...
I never see you as an outsider
I know
I saw myself as one
I used to see your village as a sanatorium
far away from the city
I'd go back whenever I feel better
When I was in Beijing
I spent half the time daydreaming
half the time in a daze
Even since I came to your village
I spent my days working and my nights dreaming
Those who can fall asleep are able to dream
I had it figured out before I came back
Pu'er coffee needs to become its own brand
If we sell it to suppliers
having them market it as an import
no one will ever know that the coffee is from China
Why can't we have our own coffee?
To do this it takes not only the three of us
but also the whole village's effort
With your delivery service
Pu'er coffee can go direct to customer
Since we cannot change our positions in the world
let's change the world
Yes! Let's change the world together
We are not afraid even if we failed
Because it's the business that has failed. not us
Which of your clients said that?
Actually
You did
You are not leaving this time?
No
I used to think that
you needed me more
Turns out
I need you guys more
And coffee!
And delivery too!
To your home with one click!
The product I'm introducing today
is very special
Let me ask you
when you hear the word Pu'er
you will first think of tea right?
But today I'm going to recommend you
something different
It is called Pu'er Coffee
It is 100% Made in China
Since it came out
it has already won several international awards
and become the first choice of coffee
served in Michelin star restaurants
Pu'er is not just coffee
but also something we should take proud of as Chinese
As well as a symbol for quality lifestyle
Anything else you want to add?
It took us three years
to launch this product
We have one goal
To make coffee about coffee
as opposed to big companies
that standardize everything
I think they are not selling coffee
They are selling the look of their coffee shops
- I have... - Well said!
As an entrepreneur
to be honest
if it takes three years to launch a product
Making money is not as important as
bringing the best coffee to the world
and share it with all of you
Most people haven't been able
to try the real taste of coffee
The real taste of coffee?
I'm already loving it
I'd love know
what the real taste is like
Does it taste like mountains and forests?
Yes
I tasted it
It makes you feel hopeful about life
Oh my god
Buy it!
Girls! We are selling 100.000 bags!
No coupon needed!
Ready to place order?
Pu'er Coffee
You hear me right
Don't be nervous
It's alright
Three
Two
One
Here's the purchase link!
80.000 bags left
60.000
30.000
Hurry up!
20.000
Last 8000
Buy it now girls!
Zero!
We're sold out!
6.6 million yuan!
Thank you for supporting our own Chinese coffee!
Thank you!
中國咖啡協會第二屆交流大會
I'm the head of Marketing Management of Starnest Asia
We've been tracking your coffee for a while
Look who's here
Sorry. I'm in the middle of an important conversation
When you get a chance
please come visit our village again
It's changed a lot
My card
Before Pu'er Coffee
there wasn't any competitive Chinese coffee in the market
Within just five years
You expanded your production size ten times
and still maintain top quality
in the premium coffee market
To a large degree
you raised the market share
of Chinese coffee
from 2%
to nearly 3%
In your word
what do you think is the reason for your success?
You don't have to be the fastest river
be the longest
Don't be like birds fighting for low-hanging food
Aim for the sky
Study well. make progress every day!
Does it taste like mountains and forests?
Yes it does!
Your coffee has been exported
to more than 30 countries and regions
Are there any orders
that are memorable?
Not really
Every order is equally important to us
No. there's one
One order has special importance to me
Someone from our village ordered coffee?
Let me check
Li Delong
Isn't that your dad?
Should I deliver it?
It's okay
I'll do it
I thought you deliver to home
Why did you leave it outside?
Give it a try
Tastes nasty!
What are you laughing at?
When you forced me to drink tea
I said the same thing
I didn't really mean what I said
Here
drink with me
I want some tea
Drink your tea
Not bad. huh?
How about regrets or pities?
I loved the farmers' market when I was young
At that time I...
Now
no one comes to the market anymore
One time I was at the market...
I met my husband
here at the market
But...
He died last year
He's dead and I'm old
No one sells in the market
and no one visits it anymore
Grandma. we need to get going
Do you guys have cash?
No
No pity
The farmers' market will always exist
Only it will become bigger
The thing I'm most proud of is that
with our sincerity and effort
we've changed a place
and its people
Young people like you. is the future tomorrow!
Any future plans?
Moving to Huanglu Village
Sending products out
Bringing people back
I'm Ma Yan. I was a bricklayer in Guangzhou
I'm Li Zancheng
I was an AC mechanic in Beijing
I'm Wang Qiwen
I was a cleaner in Guangzhou
I'm Wei Shan. I was a vendor in Kunming
I'm Edison
I was a hairdresser in Shenzhen
I'm Peng Hui
I was a Didi driver in Shanghai
I'm Xiang Wei
I was an estate agent in Wuhan
I'm Li Yang. I sold milk tea in Hangzhou
I'm Wang Delai
I was a security guard in Nanjing
I'm Zhang Yan
I was a tour guide in Xi'an
I'm Zhao Yang
I was a sailor in Dalian
I'm Su Nan
I sold movie tickets in Chengdu
I'm Liu Yan
I was an movie extra in Hengdian
I sold furniture in Foshan
I sold stinky tofu in Changsha
I ran a startup in Tianjin
I can do everything
I'm Zhang Ji
I was in prison in Shenzhen
I'm a new person now
Cheers to our new coworkers
When the outside world turns you down
our hometown opens doors for you!
What is delivery?
Delivery
is not just bringing stuff in
but also sending stuff out
Together
What's our motto?
Deliver to your home with one click
convenience for all!
Yay
We've rehearsed it several times
Still can't chant in unison
It's alright. Let's go!
YUNNAN IS MY HOME. LET'S BEAT POVERTY TOGETHER
All Departures Are to Make Our Way Home
Jump!
And you'll know if you can fly